1. Do i need to save the client token in a file or DB or can I simply create the thread and store it in a variable?
[OJ] : It depends on whether you are talking about the client or the server, whichever it is; think about what happens if a failure occurs.


2. At any point do I want to end a thread when an error occurs? Do I need to handle all exceptions (Incorrect inputs/Client disconnect)?
[OJ] : You have to handle exceptions and errors, but you can assume the files I give as input (peers list and files list) are well-formed, and IP addresses and ports are correct and well-formed. But for the rest, you have to think of how to manage it.


3. In file list, the structure is: Filename:IP:port. The enoncé says if a file is local, no need to write the address. Can i put it if i'd like?
[OJ] : try to conform to the description as given in the document


4. READ to client, how receive data? Display in client console the contents or download to .txt file?
[OJ] : Download to .txt file


5. Update file_list and PeerList of all other servers when writing file?
[OJ] : This is a good question. To give you a hint about the kind of assumptions to make, I refer you to this line in the document:
 ‘Ces serveurs permettent la manipulation des fichiers accessibles via le serveur, mais qui ne sont pas dans la même machine que le serveur ’, 
 and invite you to ask the following question: Let S1 and S2 be two servers, if S2 is in the list of peers of S1, does this imply necessarily 
 that S1 is in the peer's list of S2 as well?


6. Do we need to worry about file duplicates? If a client tries to upload an existing file?
    - Upload file already existing on local server
    - Upload file existing on another server
[OJ] : The project description states that once a file is received, it is written to storage, so the behaviour of WRITE would overwrite an existing file


7. For the 500 character limit, thats only the content correct? Or including the "Header"  as well (length(FILE|Nom_fichier|0|0|))?
[OJ] : Content only


8. Instead of sending read redirect to client, why dont we just get the server to fetch de data from the other server?
[OJ] : You can add things that are not in the specification, but you cannot modify specified things (This is regarding the project). 
TCP handoff is a mechanism used in load balancer and it is similar to the behaviour you are having a problem with.

9. Try-with-resources automatically closes thread. still need JOIN?